# InstagramClone
Getting Started
To run this app on your local machine or device, follow these steps:

Clone this repository to your local machine:

git clone https://github.com/salmoon7/Instagram.git
Navigate to the project directory:

bash
Copy code
cd imagefeed-app
Install the required dependencies:

Copy code
npm install
Configure Firebase:

Create a Firebase project on the Firebase Console.

Set up Firebase Authentication and Firestore for the database.

Create a .env file at the root of the project and add your Firebase configuration as follows:

env
Copy code
FIREBASE_API_KEY=your-api-key
FIREBASE_AUTH_DOMAIN=your-auth-domain
FIREBASE_PROJECT_ID=your-project-id
FIREBASE_STORAGE_BUCKET=your-storage-bucket
FIREBASE_MESSAGING_SENDER_ID=your-messaging-sender-id
FIREBASE_APP_ID=your-app-id
Start the Expo development server:

sql
Copy code
npm start
Use the Expo client app on your mobile device to scan the QR code generated by the Expo development server. This will open the app on your device.

You can now explore the ImageFeed App, view images, and leave comments.

Contributing
We welcome contributions to improve the ImageFeed App. If you'd like to contribute, please follow these steps:

Fork the repository.

Create a new branch for your feature or bug fix:

git checkout -b feature/your-feature-name
Make your changes and commit them:


git commit -m "Add your feature or bug fix"
Push your branch to your fork:


git push origin feature/your-feature-name
Create a pull request on the main repository.

License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE.md file for details.

Acknowledgments
We would like to thank the Expo, React Native, Firebase, and React Navigation communities for their fantastic tools and resources.
Thank you for using the ImageFeed App! We hope you enjoy exploring and interacting with images and comments. If you have any questions or encounter any issues, please don't hesitate to contact us. Happy commenting!
